    In the calculate income program there is a lot of calculating involved because of the tax aspect. To get started, the
program has to ask the user some base questions to see what their tax brackets are such as their marital status and what
their annual income is. In my program I created two different if statements for single and married status. Within those if
statements I first calculated for social security tax by multiplying the total by 6.2%, but that number could not exceed 
$7968 so I used an embedded if statement to make sure the number didn't exceed that. The medicare tax was calculated by 
multiplying the total by 1.45% plus an additional 0.9% if the total exceeded $250000 for married and $200000 if single.
    The tax brackets was where things got more complicated. Understanding how the brackets worked and how deductions were 
taken out was too complicated at the start so I didn't include deductions, but after some time it did get added in. I used
two different websites to get the federal and state income taxes/deductions. For the federal income tax I used Forbes at 
https://www.forbes.com/sites/kellyphillipserb/2016/10/25/irs-announces-2017-tax-rates-standard-deductions-exemption-
amounts-and-more/#383b9fe57017 and for the state income tax I used http://www.state.nj.us/treasury/taxation/pdf/current/
njtaxratesch.pdf, both websites gave me all the information I needed to successfully create a tax calculator. I created
the tax brackets in the program by using if and else if statements to ensure the user's taxes was being calculated
in the correct federal and state brackets. The total after taxes was calculated by simply subtracting all the tax totals
from the total that the user gave alexa in the beginning. All the information that was calculated for is told to the user
by just using the variables themselves along with some typed words.
    After the tax information is finished, the program asks the user if they would like to save any amount of money. The
program will then listen for the user to say the amount they want saved. It will then follow up with a question about how
many weeks you would like to save this amount in. The program then calculates how much you would need to save on each 
biweekly paycheck to get the amount in the desired weeks. Then, the calculate income program then thanks you for using it.
I decided to put this thanking line at the end because it wraps up everything nicely and doesn't end the program with a
cliffhanger.
